One of the [[Dragon Sovereigns]] of the [[The First World]]. The last survivor of the war with [[The Saints]] before their ascension. She was saved in this war by a powerful warrior named [[Ida]], who helped her escape as [[The Saints]] sealed the rest of the dragons away. [[Ida]] eventually offered [[Hjordis]] sanctuary in her home towards the northern forests of [[Yarra]], where she could recoup and regain her strength until they could fight back.

Unfortunately, regaining her strength was not easily done. Due to the sealing that [[The Saints]] were able to perform, her magical potential was immensely dwindled. She found it hopeless to continue the fight, and decided that she would help the elves in the village that [[Ida]] resided as a form of repayment. [[Ida]] and Hjordis were very close, but she never developed a connection with [[Ida]]'s children or future family members, since she didn't trust them. Hjordis would continue to offer her flight to give the village their resources, but would not share her history with [[The Saints]] or the world before due to her depression.

700 years later, she was helping [[Ylva]] make a trip in when [[The Cataclysm]] caused them to combine and teleport to the southern grasslands of [[Yarra]]. Hjordis immediately felt part of her previous power return, but every time she tried to use it, she would harm [[Ylva]] who's body she was trapped in. She couldn't trust her to try to free her kind. She was not capable enough.

Many years later, Hjordis recognized the depression Ylva was feeling, and decided to slowly start trusting her in order to separate. While Hjordis could not use her power, they would have to find someone with the magical potential necessary to separate them. Hjordis could talk someone through it, but it would require power that humans could not traditionally hold. She has been asking [[Ylva]] to gather artifacts that might be able to point towards another dragon, who could help separate the two in the future.
