#exclude
# Topics
## Behavior
- [x] Alcohol/other influences
- Cancelling sessions: Do we try to reschedule for another time during the week? Just skip that week? Is there a certain number of missed sessions where we do try to reschedule?
	- If player consents, then we can run without that player
	- More than 2, send when is good 
- Spectators
## DM style
- Music: will people be turning it off? Tells me how much to prepare it
- Worldbuilding: How comfortable is everyone contributing to the world during session? If something doesn't feel like it fits the world, do we bring it up then or talk afterwards?
- Rules: Since I'm a new DM, how comfortable is the group with me just making rulings that seem like they make sense and confirming with players in the moment, then deciding a final rule at the end of the session?
- Names: As often as possible, addressing players by character names instead of real names to keep immersion
- Pet Peeves: What other pet peeves do players, or myself, have?
- Cameras?
## Topic & Ethics
- Preface: Want to talk about mature topics that may or may not trigger people, just to avoid it being a surprise if it's brought up at the table. Consent can always be revoked
- Forced change to character: How do we feel about magic that changes your characters gender, age, hair color, etc.?
	- Must have an option to go back through quest or something else: Jerry, Kylie
	- Must be player's choice (do this thing or age 15 years): Drew, Kylie, Max, Collier
	- Gender is no: Drew, Kylie
	- Class change can be an option
- Attraction & Romance: How do we feel about NPCs flirting with characters? Can players flirt with NPCs? Should the sexual orientation of your character always be respected (i.e. are you comfortable having the "i'm not into x gender" conversation in character?)
	- Good with NPC flirting: Drew, Kylie, Jerry, Collier
	- No NPC flirting: Max
	- Always respect orientation: Kylie; Fine with "not into x gender": Drew, Collier, Jerry
- Sex: How do we feel about roleplaying sex between players and NPCs? Should this be limited to off camera? What's the line of what people want to actually RP and what happens offscreen?
	- Kissing is fine, but after that then fade to black
- Sexual assault: Should this be a thing at all? Only in backstories? I will never make it a topic that comes up in the present day
	- No
- Racism & Prejudice: Many backstories imply that there may be some light prejudice against beast people, and between certain races. Is this an ok topic to explore, or should we avoid those kinds of topics?
	- Be sensitive and intentional with the use of it.
- Slavery: Is anyone uncomfortable with running into enslaved NPCs? Can PCs become enslaved?
	- Enslaved NPCs are fine, not players
- Banned topic discussion: How to bring it up if a topic that was ok really isn't once it's brought up at the table?
## Gameplay
- Type of game: Railroad vs. Sandbox? Railroad that leads to sandbox? How much agency do players want? Can players make game altering decisions because "it's what my character would do?" for example, Ari killing an important NPC because it fit her backstory in another game
- Campaign length expectations
- Repeated party rolls: If everyone wants to roll perception, does the whole party get to roll and I take the highest? One person and others can only offer help?
	- Use both as necessary, I have power as a DM to say no to role. 
- Inspiration: Remove it entirely? Only offered by DM? Offered by other players too?
- Stacking: Advantage/disadvantage only stacks to cancel out, 2x advantage/disadvantage not allowed
- Magic: Material cost not important, verbal and others? Up to player, I'm not picky
- Death: How should this be handled?
- Resurrection: How common is it?
	- Collier will talk to me before taking revivify/resurrection
- Death rules: If player goes from 0 to 1 hp, gain a level of exhaustion
- Magic items: do we start with them?
- Are dice rolls between players allowed? Deception vs. Insight, for example
- Arguments between PCs and violence: traditional combat or not? I will say one attack each makes sense if the moment is calling for it, but no initiative/turns
- Health potions
	- One type of potion is full action, another is bonus action
- 
## Experience
- Milestone level up: Also mention being worried about encounter complexity, so may hold off on leveling up for a while.
- How do we want to level up? Short/long rest? Immediately? I would prefer long rest, but up to everyone\
# Things to look into
Encumbrance
Camp supplies
