# Scenes

## Halur starts charging the [[Shard of Mimir]]
The garage door suddenly flies open with a loud *bang* as it hits the top end of it's track, and the street is suddenly overtaken by the distinctive roar of a primitive gasoline engine. The truck lurches out onto the street, and once it comes into the light, you realize that this isn't the same one Kaela and Sorchan arrived in. This one is a two seater, with a wide flatbed on the back covering what looks like a 2 foot tall cylindrical artifact with a faded blue tarp. Halur, a man you didn't think got outside too much, is standing on this flatbed desprately holding onto one of the rails of the cabin, barely holding on as Kaela pulls out and immediately cuts to the left. 

I need everyone in the path of this jeep to make a DC 13 DEX save. 
On success: You're able to jump out of the way (move tokens to accomodate)
On fail: You're able to get out of the way, but take 1d4 damage from hitting the ground as you dive.

As the truck comes to a screeching stop, Halur is thrown forward and quickly has to scurry back up as he yells "Noro, you and your friends better finish them off quick!" He looks over to see the ashes of the enforcer that Tiyeme destroyed. "However, maybe not as bad as that one. Give me 10 seconds and keep them off me" You see him lift up one end of the tarp and start fiddling with something underneath. A soft glow of light blue energy can be seen underneath the tarp, and the watchers of the arcanum quickly turn as they notice this device start exuding magical energy.


## The [[Shard of Mimir]] activates
You feel the low hum of whatever primordial, alien energy this thing is powered by suddenly stop, and the [[Shard of Mimir]] suddenly erupts in a wispy pulse of energy, a distortion of reality emanating as if the air had turned to water. As this wave, seeming to ignore physical objects, impacts all of you, please make a DC 14 CON save:

On success: You feel memories flash in front of you that you barely recognize, things you never would've thought you'd be able to recall.
On fail: It's as if you're watching a timeline of your entire life up to this point at once. You take 1d4 psychic damage, and you're knocked prone as whatever this energy is completely overwhelms your senses.

Have each character (besides Ewan) describe one of the memories that is shown to them as a result of the shard.

As you feel this pulse hit you, Ewan, you feel a sharp, cold jolt that begins behind your eyes and spreads rapidly through your skull, as if this device is intruding on your mind. As this cold moves through your body, your brands suddenly flare with a phantom pain, as if the mark and your oath is being re-read and dissected. Your vision suddenly cracks, and through the cracks, you see a familiar sight. A tall man with short, blonde hair, and elaborate earrings with a single finger to your chest as you kneel before him. His red, black, and gold robe sits on top of his shoulders, but his arms aren't through the holes (just like a One Piece marine jacket). He has what seems like a set of uniform, well carved monster teeth on a necklace around his neck, and he's not wearing a shirt underneath this robe, revealing red paint marks in various ornate, intersecting line along his body. 

With his finger pressed into your chest, he says "Your oath, paladin". You finish reciting the oath, and look up to see someone else standing a few feet behind him, someone who you barely recognize from this memory. Standing no taller than 5 foot 4, is a woman enshrounded in a silver cloak with a hood, exuding an intense, unrefined energy that sends a chill through your spine as you notice. What looks like ram horns petrude from either side of the hood.

As you pay more attention to this figure, her form emerges from the darkness suddenly, through she hasn't moved, as if a spotlight was suddenly around her. A crystalline outline appears around her, and the cold gaze that was on the man in front of you is suddenly directly at you. You don't remember something like this happening when you gave your oath.

She speaks with a distortion that makes her presence even more unnatural: "You shouldn't be here." The figure reaches out to you, her hood falling to her sides as she accelerates like a ghost with a hand outstretched towards your forehead. Her hand suddenly appears as she moves through the figure that branded you. What do you do?

*Change based on Ewan's actions:* As she is about to make contact with your forehead, you feel something grab your arms. Looking over, the talons of an owl grip your biceps, and the figure's eyes immediately dart to them. "Didn't I kill you already?" she asks as the talons suddenly pull you downwards, your vision blurred as stone and rock ascend around you. A cavern opens up arouund you, and you hit the ground hard, the wind knocked out of you as it seems you've been drug back to real life. 

## Ewan arrives in the temple
Crumbling, fluted pillars tower above you, holding up a ceiling of stone bricks that you can't even begin to comprehend the age of. The air is heavy, and smells vaguely of saltwater with a faint, metallic burning. You hear a small series of drips around you, and you look around to find small pools of water that seem to give off a small arcane glow. Directly in front of you, as you stand up, is a huge metal pillar impacting the center of a circular room that opens up ahead. It's ornate, and sharply contrasting to the deep stone everything else is made up of. It looks as if solidified starlight was cruely forced into the room, and the ancient stone above and below it is cracked, as if whatever this thing is impacted it long ago.

In one of the pools of arcane water, you see a small figure fall onto his butt, likely in reaction to you crashing into this chamber. His left hand is grabbing at a dagger, while his right is encased in fire, as if preparing a spell in case whatever landed gets near. Looking closer, the flame dances across a face you recognize as Relne, reflecting across the white tattoos he painted on his face. What do you do?

## Ewan's disappearance
For everyone else, you notice something slightly different. As you all come to your senses after being assaulted with memory, Ewan continues to be on his knees, as if he's being pulled into the ground by some external source of intense gravity. Moments after you notice this, the spectral form of the person I described before: short girl in a silver silver robe, ram horns extruding from the sides, appears out of thin air above Ewan and reaches out for his head. *Fill in with whatever Ewan does in response*. As if from a nearby rooftop, Tiyeme, the owl flies in at trememdous speed, grabbing Ewan by the biceps, and disappearing with him directly into the ground as the spectral girl disappears in a flash of light. The ground implodes with a small burst of psychic force, leaving behind a crackling arcanic energy and the sharp tang of ozone in the void where he once stood. Ewan is completely gone.
# Summary
The garage door suddenly flew open, interrupting the skirmish outside. Sorchan and Halur come screaming out onto the street in a truck seemingly owned by Trusto and the Gallery, with some device covered on the back. They quickly drove into the center of the action, with Halur yelling for the party to finish them off and keep them away from him as he fiddled with whatever was under the tarp.

Tiyeme immediately surrounded the cart in a thick coat of fog, covering the action and making it more difficult for anyone to interrupt him. The enforcers and watchers worked together to stop whatever was happening and apprehend the party, with one even climbing onto the truck and getting a solid hit on Halur, delaying him slightly. Ewan rushed to his protection, while the others finished off the flying mages up above the fog. Demiel, in the action, accidentially fell off the roof, and Ylva dove for him but was unable to catch him.

After everyone seemed to be taken care of, Halur yells for everyone to get out of the way, since being close to it would hurt more than being further away. The party darted above rooftops and into alleys, but were all affected by whatever device Halur was working with. Memories assault everyone within range of the device, causing a bit of damage and making them relive moments of their life in a serires of flashes. Ewan, however, seems more affected than everyone else. To him, he relieved his brands being applied, but someone else was intruding on the memory and tried to grab at him. However, what he assumed was Tiyeme's owl saved him last minute, pulling him into some unknown cave where he suddenly finds Relne.

To everyone else, Ewan's brands flare up violently, and a ram-girl in a spectral form appears over him and reaches for his forehead. Tiyeme's owl flies in and pulls Ewan directly into the ground, leaving behind a magical residue, but not their friend. Ewan is gone and nowhere to be found.