---
In game start: 8th of Hostar ~12:15 PM
In game end: 
---
- Ewan was teleported under the Arcanum
    - Conjuration magic on the spot that he disappeared
    - Hjordis recognizes some of the runes built into the ground
        - "Nave"
        - "Keepers/Scholars of the Almatkki"
        - "Home"
    - Halur heard rumors of a "girl with ram horns" being escorted around the arcanum, during his time with Ziri
    - Kaela knows of a spot along the cliffs that the Arcanum sits on. They use it as a safeguard against some lookout towers, as well as a spot to gather Mirrathine
    - The owl (Muninn) will be unable to speak to Tiyeme or the others, but will fly 
    - Rumors around the city of a brief earthquake near the Arcanum (there have also been earthquakes on the northern part of the island, if they roll high enough)
    - Mateo knows about the temple underneath the Arcanum, and could lead the party there
- Ewan is with Relne
    - Trusto hasn't heard from Relne in 24 hours

# Scenes
## Opening
Halur shakes off the obviously psychological affects of whatever device he used, and quickly starts grabbing the tarp that was covering it to recover the device. He doesn't seem to have noticed Ewan's disappearance yet, likely because he was focused on casting the spell 

Halur's eyes are wide, staring at the marks on the ground where Ewan disappeared. He turns to Sorchan, and speaks under his breath "we need to move", and quickly starts to cover the device back up.
...
Halur reaches into a pack on his side, and pulls out a few vials of what you all now recognize as Stardust (An insight check will remind the players that he doesn't really respect Stardust as a chemical, so it's weird he has some on hand instead of Stardew). He looks over to you Noro
"Noro, you and your friends need to plant this Stardust on the remains of these enforcers. Now that the Shard has deleted memory for those around, this is the best way to ensure no one comes sniffing."
"Regarding our Calbraithen friend, however, that cannot be a good sign. What do you know about the tattoos he has? Do you know anything about him or how he got them?"
"I've heard stories of someone with the horns of a ram being seen escorted around the Arcanum, but I did not think anything of it at the time. I thought Ziri was crazy when she told me about it, but the fact that the Shard allowed someone to spectrally appear like that has me concerned. 
"Sorchan, the Shard needs recharging anyway, and I don't have the Mirrathine required to do so. I ask that you and Kaela bring it aboard Line Six for safe keeping just in case someone is aware of it's power. We can talk payment for a Mirrathine run later."
## Kaela meets the party again
"Well, I was going to inquire about hiring you all for an artifact run, but seems like I may have to wait."