---
In game start: 8th of Hostar ~4:00 PM
In game end: 8th of Hostar ~7:00 PM
---

# Recap
## Player Perspective
### The Line Six
Ylva, Noro, Tiyeme, and Demiel barely jump onto the Line Six as it pulls out into the waters surrounding Port Almasha, making a break for the caves at the base of the cliffs under the Arcanum. Kaela lets the group know not to go anywhere they shouldn't as they make their way, and she looks visibly stressed compared to her usual aloof demeanor.

Tiyeme asks to learn more about the name of the ship, and Kaela brings them back to the engine room where she shows off a Mirrathine-powered engine with six inline pistons. Now with a moment to breathe, Kaela starts sizing up the group, asking their professions and skills. She eventually reveals that before everything went down, she was considering hiring the crew to help with a couple of runs she needs to make, one up in Cendreval which she didn't reveal more details for, and pulls out the compass Noro retrieved for Trusto. She doesn't have time to do both, and needs to replenish the crew she lost on her most recent job. 

As the storm rolls in over Almasha, the group takes a brief moment of calm, resting before whatever lies in the caves. A small conversation between Kaela and a much deeper voice can be heard in the center rooms of the Line Six, saying that she lost everything and that "they" might be their only chance.
### Ewan and Relne's Move
Relne leads Ewan down through the main entrance of the temple, checking to see if the tide has pulled in enough for them to escape. After traversing a few caverns and pools of water, they eventually make their way to another room of the temple that Relne seems familiar with. A workstation and chalkboard suggest that someone has been doing some kind of work here. Ewan takes his time and peeks at the artifact on the table, a yellow-tinted stone with runes and an ebony, lens-like gem in the center, and a journal thrown on the floor, as if someone had recently collected whatever other items were once on this table. Ewan skims the journal, and notices a cryptic note fall out of the back page, along with a second, smaller note with a few circles.

As Relne and Ewan turn to leave, a magical barrier prevents them from doing so. Ewan throws a firebolt as stone shifts behind them, but isn't able to break through the barrier. As he turns around to see the source of the shifting stone, a floating stone construct made up of ancient stone carvings, floating spears and shield-like structures form a pyramid shape, as it seems to "lock on" to Ewan with a strange, alien whirring noise.
### Convergence
The four stand on the edge of the line six, as rain pelts their clothes and encourages a speedy retrieval. A brief swim brings them to the mouth of a stone archway, damp from the recent high tide. The group traverses the cave for about twenty minutes, taking a few turns between open cavern and carved pathway before hearing sounds of shifting stone from deeper inside. The group sees light at the end of a smaller tunnel, and after shimmying through a small crevice, jump into a larger room, seeing Ewan facing off with this otherworldly construct.
### The Battle of the Constructs
The construct uses it's abilities to break away and form magical connections between its replicates, creating movement challenges and separating allies from each other. Noro lunges out towards the big one, making it clear that this thing needs to be brought down. The group splits off and attacks differnt replicates, before hearing Relne yell out that the wall units need to be disabled if they want to make progress. Demiel ducks underneath one of the spells, but is knocked unconscious before Noro is able to deal the final blow to the central construct, taking the brunt of magical attacks as she swings in close and slams it into the ground. Demiel is healed back up quickly, and everyone barely walks away from this fight.
### Investigating the Temple
In the aftermath, while Demiel is reading notes on the chalkboard where someone was obviously studying whatever these constructs were, the group reunites and questions Ewan about what actually happened. After learning about the dragon mural, a small group heads back into the large chamber where Ewan appeared to get a look at it, especially Ylva who perked up at the mention of a dragon. Hjordis, suprisingly, speaks up upon seeing the mural, and mentions her husband who she had forgotten.

