#exclude
# Session plan
Everyone starts out on a train from *somewhere* to [[Port Almasha]]. Each player has a different reason for being there:
- [[Ewan Reid|Ewan]] on the train to deliver weapons to [[Sorchan Varr]], a member of [[Line Six]]
- [[Tiyeme Assisi|Tiyeme]] on the train to follow the lead he got from [[Talric]] on [[Kaela]] and the [[Line Six]]
- [[Noro]] on the train to escort [[Boding]] to Port Almasha to pay off a debt.
- [[Demiel Whym]] to be determined
- [[Ylva]] to be determined

On the way, the train is attacked by a small bandit team called [[The Red Maw]]. Their leader, [[Lunas Verrin]], was paid by [[Talric]] to follow [[Tiyeme Assisi]] and apprehend some of his cargo since he spoke about [[The Saints]]. These bandits will at some point drop a coin that has the seal of the Calbraithen army. [[Talric]] paid them to steal Tiyeme's work, so that he can continue investigating The Saints.

During the fight on the train, [[Ewan Reid]] will get the opportunity to protect a helpless Calbraithen family, in order to rejuvenate his oath and desire to protect his people.

# Other notes
- [[Boding]] has a compass that points towards [[Noro]]'s order, marking the location of the [[Stormdancer]] weapon that she accidentally killed her master with. This stone always pointed to it, but was only activated since [[The Cataclysm]]. 
# Intro Monologue
The year is 721 A.C., or post ascension, and the world of Fel has been overtaken by magic long sealed away. The old Calbraithen empire to the northwest of Yarra, the eastern continent of Fel, has fallen at the hands of its people. To the East of Calbraithe and across the arid grasslands and canyons covering most of Yarra's landmass we find the old city of Leithe, tucked away at the mouth of the Mahaz Ridge, nothing more than a crater carved into the mountainside. Refugee towns dot the edges of the crater as those who survived are desperate to find a new home, and protect their own against rogue magic users looking to take advantage of the collapsing world around them.

The world looked very different before The Cataclysm threw everything off course. People lived in whatever way made sense to them, and while life wasn't always prosperous, it was certainly simpler. Small orders and communities of dotted the forests to the east of the Mahaz, where people lived as they had for hundreds of years nurturing their own and preserving tradition. The conquests of Calbraithe gave inventors and businesses the chance to learn to work with metals and craftsmanship they'd never seen before, expanding trade and technology throughout Yarra faster than anyone could've anticipated. Before we knew it, cargo trains where taking goods between major urban hubs separated by mesa and grassland, and gave the Rebellion a chance to build against the powerful. Leithe was a prosperous academic city, where university research helped to create industrial technologies that helped those who could afford it. People came from all corners of the continent to study with professors in Leithe. Above all, The Saints. Most people had never met them, but their influence and miracles could be felt across Fel, since they obviously knew what was best for the people.

While the Cataclysm certainly sent The Rebellion, The Saints, and other nations and organizations spiraling in ways no one could've imagined, our story begins much smaller. We begin with the steady rhythm of a moving train, where the first signs of dusk creep through a gold-framed glass roof. *Roll a d20*. The somewhat peaceful air of the main seating car is suddenly broken by the pompous laughter of a small dwarven man dressed in golds and reds, happily reciting his plan once he and the others around him arrive at Port Almasha. In the booth behind this man, backs turned to each other, is Noro...
# Log
- Boding showed Demiel the compass that he collected
- Demiel casts detect magic, knows that the compass is divination magic pointing somewhere. He's also seen these crystals before, they power lots of magic items throughout Fel post-cataclysm
- Demiel also notices a hidden figure giving off an intense magical aura. They (Ylva) disappear back to the cargo car
- Ylva hides in the cargo car and catches Ewan and Tiyeme's conversation, just about their travels and cargo
- Demiel goes in after Ylva, but they miss each other and go back to the passenger car
- Ylva is told by Hjordis that the compass is something she should get her hands on
- Ylva talks to Noro, and agrees that she might be able to work out a deal to purchase it once Boding sells it for his debts
- Demiel meets Ylva, and eventually she reveals herself in front of all the passengers. Asks if he can help separate them.
- Demiel tries to cast dispel magic, and causes pain to Ylva
- Calbraithen family recognizes Ewan as part of the army, and goes to the cargo car to get the kid's backpack
- Hear bangs at the back of the car. Ewan, Tiyeme, and Ylva run to cargo car.
- The Red Maw enter the cargo car, and start trying to separate the cargo.
- Blink mage tries to kill the Calbraithen mother, but Ewan crits and protects, activating his magic.
- One blink mage tries to kill the Calbraithen mother
