---
In game start: 6th of Hostar - Evening
In game end: 7th of Hostar - Afternoon
---
# Reference
## NPCs
- [[Boding]]
- [[Trusto]]
- [[Halur]]
- [[Relne]]
- [[Mei]]
## Locations
- [[Almasha Grand Station]]
- [[Port Almasha]]
- [[Trusto's Gallery]]
- [[Catacombs of Port Almasha]]
## Misc
- [[Stardew]]
- [[Stardust]]
- [[Mirrathine]]

# Plot
Guards enter the train and ask what happened. Seems done with his job. He gives a gold each for everyone to keep quiet so that the arcanum doesn't find out.

Arrive at station. Set of multiple teller booths where individuals go through. When cargo is unloaded, each person must account for theirs, otherwise it's moved to a holding facility.

- Guard says anyone with cargo report to the back. Others go forward to the entrance booths
- Asks for reference paper that says what each person is transporting.
- Can rent a cart for 5gp per day. Delivery service for 15 gold. Requires manifest and destination.
	- Mei can take a cart no questions asked, disguised, for 30 gold through customs. Noro knows this
- Tellers ask for reason of travel, place of origin, and ticket to enter.
- Security adds bands to everyone. Separate line for cargo

Uvi is the bartender at Layla'sc
# Player Synopsis
Started in the passenger car of the cargo train headed to [[Port Almasha]]. A knock occurs at the door, where two guards check on the situation. One realizes that [[The Arcanum]] will have his head if they find out he was unable to stop bandits without the help of passengers, and asks to bribe the players to not say anything about these bandits. [[Tiyeme Assisi|Tiyeme]] gives some resistance, but all players end up accepting.

[[Noro]] and [[Demiel Whym|Demiel]] discuss the [[Stardust]] a little more, and [[Demiel Whym|Demiel]] asks to learn more about it. Noro offers to take him to [[Trusto's Gallery]] upon their arrival, especially since he helped to ensure Boding arrived safely.

[[Ylva]] continues to make sure that she gets her opportunity to acquire the compass from [[Noro]] once they arrive, which [[Noro]] agrees to and offers to bring her as well to [[Trusto's Gallery|Trusto's]].

Eventually, the full group gathers, and Ewan asks for the crew's help with an exchange of goods happening the day after they arrive (Day 3). All players agree, and [[Noro]] offers again a place to stay, since Ewan's exchange is happening near [[Trusto's Gallery]]. After a few drinks, the name [[Sorchan Varr|Sorchan]] is brought up as the recipient of Ewan's cargo.

The next morning, the train arrives at [[Port Almasha]] without incident. Passengers with cargo are asked to go to their cargo car, while those without are told to go to customs directly. Those with cargo are asked to present their manifest, which [[Ewan Reid|Ewan]] and [[Tiyeme Assisi|Tiyeme]] both provide. Ewan's, however, notes that it is machine parts and not weapons. Mages in full length white robes scan the cargo using a specific spell, and do not find anything out of place. [[Ewan Reid|Ewan]] rents a motorized cart for Xgp to carry his cargo through the city, while [[Tiyeme Assisi|Tiyeme]] uses his own to carry his wares.

All members go through customs successfully. The person that scans [[Ylva]] ends up talking into what looks like a sending stone before allowing her to pass without much more. Demiel's equipment is allowed through because they are not directly enchanted. [[Tiyeme Assisi|Tiyeme]] is stopped due to the enchantment on his vest, which he is almost able to persuade the guard to let him through before he's corrected by his partner, and forces [[Tiyeme Assisi|Tiyeme]] to disenchant the shirt before going through. Suppression bands are applied to all members, and [[Noro]] reassures the group that this is normal and can be taken care of at Trusto's

The group takes the monorail system for 5sp passenger and 1gp cargo to [[Velmire]], where cargo is stored at a garage located next to [[Trusto's Gallery]]. [[Noro]] takes the boys (Demiel, Tiyeme, and Ewan) over to [[Layla's]] across the street for food and drinks from [[Uvi]] (the bartender) while she finishes handling Boding. Ylva forces her involvement and follows Noro & Boding into the gallery. The two meet [[Relne]], who is slacking off watching the front part of the gallery, and Halur, who is working in the public workshop. They go downstairs through a locked door to meet Trusto.

In the private room, [[Trusto]] thanks [[Ylva]] for her help getting the cargo here, and sends [[Boding]] off on his way after [[Halur]] appraises his compass at 400gp. [[Noro]] takes him outside to make sure he doesn't show again, while [[Halur]] works to get the suppression band off of [[Ylva]], and notices that her scales match up to some of the gems near him. [[Trusto]] follows [[Noro]] up and asks about the situation getting the compass here, and [[Noro]] says some bandits attacked but nothing major. Trusto asks to bring the rest of the group below so he can chat with them.

The boys, over at [[Layla's]], have been enjoying their food without much occurring. [[Tiyeme Assisi|Tiyeme]] asked many of the patrons how they like living in the Port and what could improve their lives, not so subtly trying to figure out what people believe in so he can convert them. No one bites, and [[Noro]] shows up to bring them down to the private room. When [[Ewan Reid|Ewan]] enters the [[Trusto's Gallery|Gallery]], [[Relne]] seems triggered at the appearance of someone associated with the [[Calbraithen Army]] and has a full on fit, eventually storming off after being thrown on the ground in response to his antics. The group continues to the private room

Down below, everyone arrives to Halur overexplaining to Ylva how the magic suppression system works, which [[Demiel Whym|Demiel]] overhears and goes over to learn more while the rest of the group ([[Noro]], [[Tiyeme Assisi|Tiyeme]], and [[Ewan Reid|Ewan]]), sit down with [[Trusto]] and [[Mei]]. After learning [[Halur]]'s theory about two separate magic systems that cannot interact and the significance of the crystals, [[Ylva]] admits that she is half dragon.
# Secret Synopsis
- Talric expected to hear back from [[Lunas Verrin]] sometime today with confirmation of getting [[Tiyeme Assisi|Tiyeme]] or his wares. Since he didn't receive it, he's considering going to [[Port Almasha]] on his own to catch up with [[Tiyeme Assisi|Tiyeme]].
- [[The Arcanum]] was notified of Ylva entering Port Almasha, due to *insert some reason here*. [[Uriel]] does not yet know
- [[Boding]] is going to a casino for the night in [[Port Almasha]]
- [[Relne]] is currently running to [[Catacombs of Port Almasha]] for some peace and quiet, where he usually practices the same kind of magic that his mother used. 


