---
In game start: 7th of Hostar ~3:00 PM
In game end: 8th of Hostar ~12:00 AM
---
# References
- [[The Scriptorium of Az'mari]]
- [[Ziri Lanassei]]
- [[Trusto's Gallery]]
- [[Line Six]]
- [[Kaela]]
- [[Trusto]]
## Line Six
Line Six is purchasing a large collection of weapons from Ewan and his blacksmith to supply an isolated militia of the Scars of Calbraithe that have made camp outside of Cendreval. Their job is to bring this series of weapons to them, as well as retrieve *some artifact from Cendreval that Trusto needs*. 

# Plans
## Halur reacts to Ylva's news
The dragons are nothing but a myth. How do you know this 
## Tiyeme's Dream
Tiyeme: The world fades into darkness as familiar sleep takes you. Interrupting your peaceful rest, you notice a glowing orange drop of water manifesting in the distance, as if it's reflecting a sunset that you can't see. You watch this drop of water drip a few times, mesmerized by it's rhythm: drip, drip, drip, until it suddenly darts in a circle around you, cutting through the darkness of sleep and revealing an otherworldly scene, as if you're opening your eyes into this dream.

A thin layer of water stretches out past the horizon, disturbed only by your bare feet touching the surface. The sky is a beautiful pale orange and purple haze; the last breath of daylight stretched too thin. 100 feet in front of you, you see a tree without it's leaves growing impossibly out of this water, branches thicker on one side like a bonsai tree that's reaching for the sunset. It's shadow stretches on for what seems like miles.

*Make a perception check*
(DC 10) Success: You notice the faint outline of a bird sitting on one of the extended branches

As you walk up to the tree, you notice two owls awaiting your arrival. One is perfectly perched on the furthest outstretched branch, and seems to be the same as your companion that's been with you since that fateful day on your way to Leithe. The other lines below it, lifeless and charred, the only disturbance to the otherwise peaceful dreamscape you've found yourself in. The living owl turns to face to fully, and a voice, deep and worn like stone beneath a river, echoes not through your ears, but somewhere inside your body:

"Do you know me?" This voice is familiar: the same one that you've only heard fragments of until today. It's head tilts in anticipation of your response. *Wait for Tiyeme's response*

The owl suddenly lunges towards you, it's wings aiming to cover your eyes.

You feel the owl pull you backwards as if you're looking upside down, and when it removes it's winds, the scene is entirely different. You stand on an island of sharp, black rocks, no more than a quarter mile across. The smell of salt assults your nose as rough waves hit the edges of this jagged island. The moonlight peers through a cloudy, thundering sky and illunimates the center of this island, where a much grander tree than the one you saw before made of white and purple energy crackles with power. You can almost see the leylines moving through it, as if it's pulling power from the earth and returning it to the sky, the branches whisping out of existence. 

Peering into this tree, you see the same owl clutching one of the central branches, shaking as it tries to hold it's grip. It's left eye seems to have a massive injury on it, blood staining the feathers around it. The sky suddenly shifts as you can watch the sun rise, as if you're watching a timelapse. The sun sets again, replaced by the moonlight. 1. It goes again, 2. 3. 4. 5. You watch for 9 days as this owl hangs from the magical tree.

You suddenly fall over, opening your eyes and returning to the dreamscape you started in. You find yourself on your knees out of breath, hunched over the shallow layer of water, the tips of your white hair slightly damp and less kempt than ususal. 

"I am the First Witness. The Father of Knowing. I've waited a long time to speak to you, memokeeper. You carried my presence through the world, and for that I thank you."
"My voice tolls like iron in still water. If she hears it, I am lost. But, now that her shadow has joined yours, I can no longer wait.”
"Bring Hjordis to me. In Frihelgi, where the sun goes to die, I will be waiting as I have for centuries."

The sun suddenly sets, and the dream collapses. You wake with the weight of his words still echoing behind your ribs. As you open your eyes, you burst up breathing heavy, the intensity of hearing the voice in full whiplashing you back to reality. Anyone sleeping next to Tiyeme is woken by his sudden rise. You open your eyes only to find your vision working out of your left one. Anyone looking at tiyeme notices that his right eye is completely black. Over the next 15 seconds, it fades back to normal as Tiyeme catches his breath.

## Hjordis gets to look at the compass
Ylva, as you look more closely at this compass, you almost feel the presence of something looking over your shoulder, focusing all your energy on this thing. You notice the carving made into the gem with more detail this time: ᚦᚢᚱ. It's distincly different from the other gems you've seen Halur handling up until this point. The carvings on the others are primitive, while this seems to resonate with you in a familiar way.

"I recognize this writing. It's a lanauage I've long since forgotten."
You have a thought, not in your voice, as if Hjordis is speaking under her breath: "Could it really be that they are still alive?"
"We need to find more of the old tongue. I do not think anyone alive today would know it, but it might buried somewhere now that those monsters have loosened their grip."
"Record this rune. Copy it, make a relief, something. We aren't ready to see him yet, but we need to be ready once we are."
## Kaela and Trusto's meeting
- Only Kaela and Sorchan are coming to the gallery. Kaela is going to meet with Trusto, while Sorchan is going to meet with Ewan.
- Sorchan was told to find a man in a green cloak
- They are planning on bringing these weapons to a small branch of the Scars that have made camp outside of Cendreval. Sorchan doesn't love that they're going after a suffering people, but money is money and they need to fund their expedition somehow.
- They plan to leave in 1 week for Cendreval through the [[Emerald Sea]].

# Player synposis
When Ylva admits that she is half dragon, [[Halur]] is immediately surprised. He's obviously studied dragons, but was obviously not expecting them to be alive today. He asks her if she'd be willing to come back and continue studies, which Ylva agrees to, as long as she's able to take a look at the compass. Trusto allows her to take a look at the compass while the conversations are happening.

Trusto begins more detailed conversations with Noro, Ewan, Tiyeme, and Demiel (who is only half listening, and the other half observing what Halur is doing with suppression bracelets). Noro offhand mentions that she recognized the Red Maw as the ones who attacked the train and tried to steal the cargo. Trusto is surprised by this, and slightly concerned Noro didn't mention this sooner, because the Maw isn't usually after cargo. From his understanding of Lunas Verrin, he's usually going after people for a personal vendetta or helping the Scars of Calbraithe somehow, not necessarily just petty bandit work.

Because Ewan is obviously an ex-member of the Calbraithen army, Trusto does his due diligence in asking what dealings Ewan has had with Lunas. He's obviously suspicious of Ewan having something to do with the attack, but Noro retells the story of Ewan destroying Lunas brutally, and convinces Trusto that he's not involved. Trusto then asks Mei to investigate what the Maw may have been after, which she immediately leaves to start doing her investigation. Trusto shares just a little bit of why Calbraithens are not taken to well in Port Almasha, due to annexation and rebellion and how his wife Layla was killed in rebellion. As Trusto gears up to leave, he offers the group removal of their suppression bands as a thank you for defending the compass and Noro. He also offhand mentions his meeting with Kaela tomorrow to Noro, and Ewan hears the name Sorchan that he's supposed to be meeting with tomorrow. Trusto eventually puts the pieces together that Sorchan is coming with Kaela to pick up shipment from Ewan, and says he'll make sure they arrive at Layla's tomorrow so their deal can go through while he meets with Kaela.

While this conversation is happening, Ylva begins examining the compass. She eventually recognizes the rune etched into the crystal, and notices that it's much more intricate than most of the runes inscribed on crystals like this, including the pile that Halur is working on processing into Stardew. Hjordis recognizes this as some of her old language, but is having trouble recollecting it. She asks Ylva to make a relief of this, and to continue trying to find some of the old language where she can. Ylva also hears Hjordis say under her breath "Could he really be alive?" (Private note: This rune represents Thor, and Hjordis does recognize the Thor rune and that this might point to him).

Everyone then goes through and has their suppression bands removed. Halur offhand mentions that Ylva might be the key to finding what Layla was after, but doesn't expand beyond that in the interest of preserving Trusto's privacy regarding his late wife.

Ewan, Tiyeme, Demiel, and Noro go to move cargo into Trusto's warehouse in preparation for the deal tomorrow, while Ylva goes immediately over to Layla's to have a bite to eat and some drink. While Ewan's shipment is being offloaded, Demiel asks Tiyeme to investigate the gauntlet, which Tiyeme makes him sign a contract to return in 24 hours.

Ewa heads off to return the cart back to Dvarsya Station, which he arrives at after getting off on the wrong stop a couple times. On his way back out, he notices the same person who scanned Ylva talking to another fox-person around the corner, seemingly away from their posts (Private note: these are two members of the small group doing forbidden research at The Arcanum, away from Uriel's private eyes. They recognized her as a dragon last session and thinks she might be the key to their research for the better, and Uriel's research for the worst). Ewan overhears them mention the name Ziri, and that they need to tell whoever this is about Ylva. 

While Ewan is out, the rest of the group retires to Layla's for a relaxing time. Noro and Ylva end up on the dance floor in front of the swing band, and draw lots of attention their way with their suprisingly incredible dance skills. Seems as through they develop some light feelings for each other during this time. This pulls the attention of a man in a white suit with round glasses on the upper balcony, which Tiyeme eventually goes to make conversation with, asking why he's looking at them. He introduces himself as Mateo, and asks some questions about Tiyeme's relationship with Ylva. Tiyeme notices that he is not wearing a suppression bracelet, and when asked, Mateo responds that his status as a "consultant" of the Arcanum offers special privledges. He then invites Tiyeme to bring himself and Ylva to the Arcanum Council tomorrow. Mei quickly enters and scoffs at Mateo, and mentions offhand to Tiyeme that he's a "coward, piece of shit that shouldn't be trusted."

Demiel spends the evening in his room, studying the gauntlet to try to improve his own arcane body enhancements. He learns that he could eventually use crystals to power his arm and such, with a bit of practice and learning the runes required. Everyone goes to their rooms provided by Trusto that night, Ewan and Tiyeme sharing one of the reserved guest rooms, Demiel in the other, and Ylva being brought to the private guest room next to Noro over at the Gallery next to the rest of the family.

Overnight, Tiyeme blesses Ewan's hammer and resumes his meditation. He then does his regular meditation, which is quickly interrupted by a dream that he has never experienced before. The dreamscape presents itself during sunset as a sea of inch-deep shallow water, with a dead tree growing out if it. Two owls, one alive and one dead, wait for him at this tree. The owl, which Tiyeme recognizes as his friend that has followed him since the cataclysm, asks:

"Do you know me?"

Tiyeme responds that he thinks he does, and the owl lurches at him, seeming like it's trying to show Tiyeme something. Once his eyes are covered, it shows him a magical tree in a stormy, rocky island, flowing pink and white energy from the ground up to a stormy sky. The owl is hanging, injured, from the center of this magical tree, as Tiyeme watches 9 days pass by as if he's watching a timelapse. The owl continues:

"I am the First Witness. The Father of Knowing. I've waited a long time to speak to you, memokeeper. You carried my presence through the world, and for that I thank you."
"My voice tolls like iron in still water. If she hears it, I am lost. But, now your shadow has joined my friend's, I can no longer wait.”
"Bring Hjordis to me. In Frihelgi, where the sun goes to die, I will be waiting as I have for centuries."

Ewan is woken up by the sound of Tiyeme waking up from this dream suddenly, and Tiyeme briefly informs him. Ewan does not care and immediately goes back to bed. Ylva, on the other hand

# Secret synposis
- Talric takes his car along the track to Port Almasha, where he discovers the destroyed jeep from the Red Maw and a dead Lunas Verrin. He takes the token of the Scars of Calbraithe and puts it in his pocket. He's interrupted by guards from the Enforcement Commission of Almasha, investigating the delays and possible bandit attacks against the train the party was on. Talric killed them, but not before one of the guards reported that an old member of the Calbraithen army was at fault. Port Almasha is now suspecting the Scars of Calbraithe are involved, and will arrest anyone suspected of having relations with them for questioning.
- The member of the Arcanum who scanned Ylva is communicating with the rest of the small group doing secret research to figure out their next moves. Ziri, the one running the operation from the Scriptorum, was informed by secret letter of Ylva's arrival, and will begin trying to figure out where she is tomorrow (Day 3)
- Mateo is trying to offer Ylva to Uriel, hoping it gets hiim out of his debt
- Odin was able to successfully create a dreamscape to talk to Tiyeme after learning from him over the last few years. This was his first successful attempt, and a precursor to his theory that dreams can be used to gain knowledge over time.
- Trusto is considering hiring the people Noro brought with her to go find more sources of Mirrathine in Milvenna, since Kaela is going to be focused on going to get an artifact in Cendreval for the next little while that he's after.
- Relne spent his whole evening alone in the Catacombs, practicing magic