**The World of Fel** As long as anyone can remember, magic hasn't existed in this world. There are stories of people who have been able to perform miracles across the world, and even legends of armies getting stronger out of nowhere, but for most people it's just a myth. Think of it like the Force during the Original Trilogy. During this era, society advanced itself without the use of magic. Before the Cataclysm, industrialization had just started to take form. Trains connecting cities were appearing in some regions. The Saints were the ones that controlled governments during this time. An ascended group of basically gods were making deals with government officials, providing them power where it made sense to them. Most people didn't interact with them on a daily basis, or even know they existed sometimes, but their presence is certainly felt. A well-organized rebellion appeared over time and started taking stabs against the Saints. In the year 713 A.C., some event called The Cataclysm happened to the north west, completely destroying the major city in the area. After this, the entire world suddenly had access to magic. Anyone could use it, and people immediately started causing chaos. Governments fell, new criminal organizations formed, cities fortified, etc. Technology took a huge leap (think Arcane style hextech) now that people were shoving magic into the tech of the time. We're going to catch up with your characters 8-12 years after The Cataclysm! Starting between levels 3-5 depending on what your charcters have been doing after those years. (Everyone will start at the same level, just want to get a feel for everyone's charcter first)

Room
Streets
Tavern