Drew is a tabaxi monk who hails from a small order of tabaxi in the south-eastern jungles of the [[Eastern continent]] near [[Port Almasha]]. Their order is about 250 strong, and kept mostly to themselves. This order and many others like it of various beast-people usually exist in a fairly recluse society that didn't participate in industrialization like the rest of the world, although they still definitely would go into town for supplies. They had some accommodations of a post-industry society, but no train lines or anything made it up to their order.

From an early age, Drew was trained in their ways and learned their history. They were a spiritual people, with artifacts dating back as far as the [[First World]]. However, because of the effects of the mind sigil, they did not know the power of these artifacts, and just assumed them to be historical. Drew continued to train until her early teens, where she was groomed to be an important leader in the order for years to come.

One day, her master took her up to the shrine and presented with the claws that had been passed down in their tradition (an unknown artifact of the first world, however they still knew a lot of their personal history with it, just not the magical part). As part of tradition, Drew was to spar with her master using the weapon as a rite of passage. The battle commences, and Drew shows off her training. As she takes the final slash to claim friendly victory, a surge of power suddenly overtakes the claws and booms throughout the valley. She finds her master dead in front of her. ([[The Cataclysm]] happened in the middle of this battle, and caused the artifact and it's connection to the leylines to overflow and surge). Drew runs away out of guilt, and leaves the claws behind.

In the years post-cataclysm, Drew makes her way on her own and ends up joining the [[Thieves' Guild]]. She becomes a hired muscle, going wherever she's needed in order to make a living for herself. [[Ewan Reid]] actually made her a replica set of claws at some point in the years before the current day.

The order continues to act in their own way in the background without Drew's knowledge. They forgive her, but are waiting for her to return on her own to reclaim her position and the claws. They also have someone who re-learned how to draw sigils since the destruction of the mind sigil, a lost art since the First World. This is someone who could help [[Ewan Reid]] increase his power.
