A trader from [[Leithe]], often bringing in cattle from a Northwest trading town’s ([[Meov]]) grassland pastures to sell or slaughter for his own leather. While on a trip to pick up that year’s herd, Tiyeme felt the riffs of [[The Cataclysm]] and could immediately feel a hole in his heart left behind by his lost city. Since the Cataclysm, Tiyeme has focused all his attention to luxury textile production, becoming one of the first traders to bring magic infused light armor to the mages, witches, and wizards of Fel. While in a Southern trading village, he learned of a local witch using a set of his robes to empower herself while committing a mass Narcomancy spell. Tiyeme- now realizing his robes could be used for such horrors- became much more restrictive on who he made his armor for. His trade empire becoming more successful, many began to question whether Tiyeme was attempting to become a new Saint. As part of his quest to ensure his robes were used for good, Tiyeme had amassed a following of vigilantes, which only strengthened the claims of his dissenters. Attempting to quell these fears, Tiyeme dug deeper into meditation and faith, and found changing some of the material in the robes, and donning said robes while in prayer, he was able to experiment with Narcomancy himself. Tiyeme began to use this Narcomancy to tap deep into the mind and soul of himself, while yet gaining the courage to try it on others. However, this power is still very new and he has struggled to find much information on how to properly harness it. All the while, his following of vigilantes has only grown with the ever-extending reach of his trade empire.

Since the Cataclysm, Tiyeme has delved fully into a nomadic lifestyle, bringing his cart of magical wares from town to town. Not only trading to the local warriors and peace bringers, but also spreading the word of the Old [[The Saints|Saints]] in an attempt to remind the people of the peace and prosperity brought on by them. 

Tiyeme grew up with the idea that Saints are Gods. During travels, he met [[Talric]], through crazy claims that he was on a mission to try and find the Saints, who according to the world are dead. However, Tiyeme believes they are. Talric points Tiyeme in the direction of a local ship captain, commander of[[Line Six]]. [[Kaela]] has become a danger on the seas, in a similar approach to Tiyeme of doing good. Talric’s theory is that this ship captain is a Saint herself.

---

